README.md, before:

Usage statistics for the newspaper project.
===

The Apache access checker in newspaper-fastcgi-ticket-checker logs
user data and DOMS information for each asset access check.

This module contains a small Python CGI program which reads the
generated logs, looks up information and generate a CSV with usage
information which can be post-processed in Excel.

For development purposes on local machine, copy
newspaper_statistics.py.cfg-example to
src/main/newspaper_statistics.py.cfg (the ../.. path is to get outside
the code tree when deployed).  The sample file is set up to parse the
sample-logs/thumbnails.log file.  When running standalone provide one
or more arguments on the form "fromDate=2015-06-24" to trigger
terminal mode and emulate html page parameters.

For archenar use, clone project and symlink
src/main/scripts/statistics to a CGI enabled location where "../.."
ends up outside the publicly visible pages and put a
newspaper_statistics.py.cfg file there.  The /var/log/httpd log files
are helpful in getting the configuration right.

For IntelliJ see http://stackoverflow.com/a/24769264/53897

For Ubuntu 15.04 "sudo apt-get install python-simplejson python-suds"
is needed.

For Centos "sudo yum install python-lxml python-simplejson
python-suds"

/tra 2015-06-24

To make a release:

* Update changelog
* Tag the version in git
* Tar up and gzip the following
    - src/main/scripts/statistics
    - README.md
    - CHANGELOG.md

    in a folder called newspaper-usage-statistics-<version>
* Name the resulting file newspaper-usage-statistics-<version>.tar.gz
* Place the file in newspaper@achernar:releases/

kfc 2016-09-13

Commit message:

Project moved to https://github.com/statsbiblioteket/newspaper-fastcgi-ticket-checker

README.md, after:

MOVED!
===

This project has been merged into
https://github.com/statsbiblioteket/newspaper-fastcgi-ticket-checker
to facilitate easier integration checking.  

This project location is left as is for archival reasons and will
eventually be deleted.  Do not use it for new development

/tra 2017-09-25








Usage statistics for the newspaper project.
===

The Apache access checker in newspaper-fastcgi-ticket-checker logs
user data and DOMS information for each asset access check.

This module contains a small Python CGI program which reads the
generated logs, looks up information and generate a CSV with usage
information which can be post-processed in Excel.

For development purposes on local machine, copy
newspaper_statistics.py.cfg-example to
src/main/newspaper_statistics.py.cfg (the ../.. path is to get outside
the code tree when deployed).  The sample file is set up to parse the
sample-logs/thumbnails.log file.  When running standalone provide one
or more arguments on the form "fromDate=2015-06-24" to trigger
terminal mode and emulate html page parameters.

For archenar use, clone project and symlink
src/main/scripts/statistics to a CGI enabled location where "../.."
ends up outside the publicly visible pages and put a
newspaper_statistics.py.cfg file there.  The /var/log/httpd log files
are helpful in getting the configuration right.

For IntelliJ see http://stackoverflow.com/a/24769264/53897

For Ubuntu 15.04 "sudo apt-get install python-simplejson python-suds"
is needed.

For Centos "sudo yum install python-lxml python-simplejson
python-suds"

/tra 2015-06-24

To make a release:

* Update changelog
* Tag the version in git
* Tar up and gzip the following
    - src/main/scripts/statistics
    - README.md
    - CHANGELOG.md

    in a folder called newspaper-usage-statistics-<version>
* Name the resulting file newspaper-usage-statistics-<version>.tar.gz
* Place the file in newspaper@achernar:releases/

kfc 2016-09-13
